an international holiday is always
exciting but have you wondered what
could happen if an unforeseen situation
arises here's how I see I see I Lombard
single trip travel insurance policy can
take care of your health care needs
abroad access to high-quality medical
care some insured up to $500,000 cash
less hospitalization emergency cash
advance compassionate visit
additionally the policyholder can also
get covered for hospitalization in case
of swine flu h1n1 influenza if it is not
a pre-existing disease dental treatment
accidental death no matter where you are
you can avail quality health care with
us
[Music]